--------------------------------------------------------------------------
             RenderWare Graphics Example (PlayStation 2): Lights2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

PURPOSE

The LIGHTS2 example is used to demonstrate the effects of different 
global and local lights on an irregular terrain. 

The terrain is always lit by a low level of "Ambient light" (diffuse
light from all directions).

The "Directional light" (parallel light, as from the sun) can be 
switched on or off and it illuminates the hills and valleys in light
and shade.

The "Point light" (like a spot light) is marked by a circle, and throws
a stronger or weaker light, at a fixed angle, onto the terrain beneath
it. The radius of its beam is adjustable. It is darkest when the radius
is small.


Ambient and directional lights are known as global lights and illuminate 
all of the world. The point light is known as a local light and it's 
illumination only effects the world sectors contained within its radius.

The position of the point light and it's radius is identified by a 
colored circle.

The direction of the directional light is identified by an arrow drawn 
to the right of the world.

The world sectors are identified by drawing their bounding box and any 
world sectors which are illuminated by the point light have their 
bounding box highlighted, by being drawn in another color.

To see the effects of the different lights, the directional and point 
light can be switched on and off. The point light's radius can be 
increased or decreased. These options can be performed using the menu.
The point light can be moved between world sectors and the directional 
light can be rotated. These options are performed with the pad.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERAL CONTROLS

RIGHT ANALOG stick      - Allows the point light to be repositioned in the
                          world, in the x-z plane. 

RIGHT ANALOG stick 
 + LEFT SHOULDER #2     - Rotates the directional light.

SELECT button           - Toggle menu/help/plain mode.

START + SELECT          - Quit the application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MENU OPTIONS

DIRECTIONAL LIGHT       - Allows the user to turn the directional light on
                          or off.

POINT LIGHT             - Allows the user to turn the point light on or
                          off.

LIGHT RADIUS            - Allows the user to change the radius of the 
                          point light.

FPS                     - Allows the user to read the number of frames per
                          second being rendered (updated every second).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MENU CONTROLS

DPAD UP and DOWN        - Select menu item.

DPAD LEFT and RIGHT     - Modify menu item value or execute associated 
                          command.

RIGHT ANALOG stick      - Modify floating point value (if applicable) 
                          otherwise do what you would do in general 
                          controls..

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP CONTROLS

DPAD UP and DOWN         - Scroll a line at a time (autorepeat available).

LEFT SHOULDER #1 and #2  - Scroll a page at a time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
VIDEO MODE SELECTION

The command-line option '-vms' can be used to enable a simple video 
selection screen, which appears before the application starts running. 
Use the UP and DOWN DPAD buttons to highlight the required video
mode and press START to make the selection. Note there are several pages
of video modes; use the LEFT SHOULDER buttons to move from page to page.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
This demonstration program is copyright Criterion Software Limited 2003. 
Criterion Software grants you a license to use it only in the form as 
supplied. You may not disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer this 
demonstration program.

This demonstration program is provided as is with no warranties of any
kind. Criterion Software will not, under any circumstances, be liable for
any lost revenue or other damages arising from the use of this
demonstration program.

RenderWare is a registered trademark of Canon Inc.
Other trademarks acknowledged.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tue Apr 22 12:04:26 2003 -- build sky ( 64649 0x35000 )
